hi guys 60 watching this video
you surely already know what it is
is
why I sent the email with
attached with this link attached and the
files you need to download despite there
may take some time because I am
however files as heavy as ever
do are these three pdf files of del
cartoon for revenge for seats
I'm going to explain a method to you now
very fast and simple for per
transfer to your ipad all
clearly you should hope that you
have itunes you just go on
siena books section go to pdf
select the three files you want
move and drag them inside
wait here
he's probably trying a little bit
because they are a bit heavy as a file
here then it opens quater to open one
that's what we're just uploading
you see this that the comic that then one
Once married in here
you will go then here is the section for the
your ipad and synchronized depends
any unknown applies security to
these three parent 16 files will succeed
very important before doing this
this thing to download on ipad
the ibooks application once
downloaded these three files here or
maybe there's already I don't know these three
these three files which answers the ve
you will find inside the falling with
the application as good as you see was one
very simple thing see you school